docs: Adding brief documentation to coreComponent packages (#3352)
GEOS-DEV/GEOS: src/coreComponents/denseLinearAlgebra/CMakeLists.txt

# SPDX-License-Identifier: LGPL-2.1-only
#
# Copyright (c) 2016-2024 Lawrence Livermore National Security LLC
# Copyright (c) 2018-2024 Total, S.A
# Copyright (c) 2018-2024 The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University
# Copyright (c) 2023-2024 Chevron
# Copyright (c) 2019-     GEOS/GEOSX Contributors
# All rights reserved
#
# See top level LICENSE, COPYRIGHT, CONTRIBUTORS, NOTICE, and ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS files for details.
#
#--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#[[
Package: denseLinearAlgebra

> Contains interfaces for linear algebra BLAS and LAPACK packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains dense linear algebra functions and interfaces to BLAS and LAPACK packages.
```
